c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.HotelSearching.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.InvoiceAdding.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Login.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.MainMenu.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Option_cl.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Option_sv.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Signin.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.pdb
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.RoomSetting.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.InvoiceSearching.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.InvoiceDetail.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Report.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Statistic.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.exe.config
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.exe
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.pdb
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.exe
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\bin\Debug\HotelManagement.pdb
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.HotelSearching.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.InvoiceAdding.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.InvoiceDetail.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Login.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.MainMenu.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Option_cl.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Option_sv.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Report.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.RoomSetting.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Signin.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.Statistic.resources
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\duyen\Desktop\HotelManagementProject-master\HotelManagementProject-master\SourceCode\HotelManagement\HotelManagement\obj\Debug\HotelManagement.SelectedMaHD.resources
